docs: Added a "learn the API" page (#35)
workleap/wl-squide: docs/getting-started/create-local-module.md

# Create a local module

> Local modules are regular modules which are part of the **host application build**. It's an independent module exposing a `registration` function to the host application boostrapping code. It can be a standalone package, a sibling project (when in a monorepo setup), or even a local folder of the host application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local modules are regular modules that are part of the **host application build**. It's an independent module exposing a `registration` function to the host application bootstrapping code. It can be a standalone package, a sibling project (when in a monorepo setup), or even a local folder of the host application.
```
